docs: added DDOS documentation (#426)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis: modules/dns/README.md

# CIS DNS module

> This module is used to create and manage IBM Cloud Internet Services (CIS) DNS records. For more information about this module, refer [here](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/tree/main/docs/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is used to create and manage IBM Cloud Internet Services (CIS) DNS records. For more information, see the [main readme file](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/tree/main/docs/README.md) for this module.
```

> This module is used to create and manage IBM Cloud Internet Services (CIS) DNS records. For more information about this module and its limitations, please refer to the official [documentation](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/tree/main/docs/README.md) on GitHub.

Reviewer 2: This module is used to create and manage IBM Cloud Internet Services (CIS) DNS records. For more information about this module, refer [here](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cis/tree/main/docs/README.md).
